+++
title = "Message from Master Thinh Holidays 2024"
description = "Message from Master Thinh Holidays 2024"
author = "Silkisondan Karate"
date = "2024-12-17"
tags = ["thoughts", "karate", "blog"]
categories = ["thoughts", "karate", "blog"]
image = "img/2019/03/pic01.jpg"
+++
Dear Master Ron, Master Rusty, Master Kha, and all Silkisondan Karate followers,

As the holiday season approaches, I want to extend my warmest wishes to you and your families. With Christmas ahead and the New Year on the horizon, I sincerely hope this season brings peace, joy, and growth to all.

This time of year always fills me with reflection and gratitude, and I’d like to share something deeply meaningful to me after having lived in the U.S. for over 53 years.

One of the most valuable things I’ve come to appreciate in life is Karate. As a child, I read many books—though I didn’t finish most of them—searching for inspiration to guide me toward a path that would allow me to contribute something positive to the world. I came across a story about a great martial artist who would act as if he knew nothing about martial arts in order to test the humanity of those around him. He would recruit students who knew nothing about martial arts, training them to become great teachers themselves.

As I began teaching, I realized that this was not just a teaching philosophy—it was an opportunity to nurture others beyond the role of students, helping them grow into teachers of character.

I live much of my life in silence and patience, and often, it can feel lonely. I never anticipated how solitary the journey of building a team could be.

Nonetheless, everything I believe in, I strive to convey through my teaching, and I’m grateful to share that journey with all of you.

Wishing you all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year filled with health, happiness, and continued growth!

Warm regards,


Master Thinh
