+++
title = "Thoughts from Master Thinh"
description = "Thoughts from Master Thinh"
author = "Silkisondan Karate"
date = "2023-08-21"
tags = ["karate", "thoughts", "blog"]
categories = ["karate", "thoughts", "blog"]
image = "img/the-amazing-landscapes-in-vietnam-trang-an.jpeg"
+++

## Thoughts from Master Thinh

### Karate Teaching Ways and Types

Silkisondan Masters:


I think this is a good time for me to share a few thoughts with you.

Karate Teaching Ways and Types:  I have seen many, probably too many.  One might ask why so many.  The right answer is that everyone is doing a little teaching everywhere.  My question to me as to what I do with my Karate teaching has always existed. Here is my reply to my question.

Here are a few images that you might retain of me in your mind:

1.  I show the students a technique and ask them to do it.  I want them to see themselves practicing it.
2.  If I have to explain a technique, I am very brief.  I want them to hear and feel my voice.  I want to see if they can see themselves listening to me. 
3.  If I give the students a command to practice a technique.  I want to make sure that they are not forced to do it, but encourage them to see themselves doing it.
4.  If I ask a student to demonstrate a technique, I want the class to see themselves observing the demonstration.
5.  I do not say much before and after the training.

My way of teaching is to teach the students to see and observe themselves.

I also ask myself why the students would benefit from coming to attend my training.

I believe deeply time is the movement that carries some, most, or everything inside of us from the recent past to the recent present.  Time is actually "now".  When I see the students coming to the training, they bring many things to the class from within.  I observe them as they are.  I see them as they are.  I will ask them to train as others.  I allow and encourage them to grow, adapt, and even change if they wish to do.  One thing that I want the most in my karate students is that they should believe that they are their best teachers, no one else.

I will stop for now.  Seeing one's self and time are in my thoughts.

Enjoy the rest of your summer.

I remain,


Master Thinh
