+++
title = "Thoughts from Master Thinh"
description = "Thoughts from Master Thinh"
author = "Silkisondan Karate"
date = "2023-12-22"
tags = ["karate", "thoughts", "blog"]
categories = ["karate", "thoughts", "blog"]
image = "img/the-amazing-landscapes-in-vietnam-trang-an.jpeg"
+++

## Thoughts from Master Thinh
December 22, 2023 
Houston, Texas

Dear all Silkisondan Karate Students, Black Belts, Instructors and, Masters:

As the year is about to come to an end, and 2024 is right around the corner, I want to congratulate Master Ron Proffitt, Master Rusty Burke, and Master Kha Nguyen for taking the leadership role to move our training quality to a different level.  Perhaps, all of these would not be possible, if there were no behind the scenes support from the spouses and other high ranking students.  My deepest appreciation goes to these individuals.

I also want to mention 2 very special Black Belts, Sarah and Megan.  These two make me proud in the sense that besides getting excellent grades in the school, excel in Karate, participate in teaching in Master Kha’s classes, they are also involved in many community activities such as performing Vietnamese dancing for the communities across Virginia.  Most of these happen because of their mother, Cinnamon.  I am mindful of Cinnamon's work and the future leaders.

I’d like to take this opportunity to thank Master Ron for his leadership role in continuing my efforts to look after all students.

Lastly, I wish everyone of you a world of good health, security, peace, and love in 2024.


Love,  
Master Thinh
