+++
title = "Thoughts from Master Thinh"
description = "Thoughts from Master Thinh"
author = "Silkisondan Karate"
date = "2023-11-15"
tags = ["karate", "thoughts", "blog"]
categories = ["karate", "thoughts", "blog"]
image = "img/the-amazing-landscapes-in-vietnam-trang-an.jpeg"
+++

## Thoughts from Master Thinh

Dear Silkisondan Masters:

While the end of the year is fast approaching, I wish you and your family a wonderful holiday season.

I like to share with you a few thoughts regarding meditation.

What is meditation?  What does one need to meditate?

Let's find out the answers.

Inwardly, the brain is for learning and the mind is for living.  We are our memories and memories are us. Thoughts come from memories.  When a thought arrives at your awareness, it involves a movement of time.  

When we meditate we like to be able to have no thoughts, no movements of times, no images of any kinds.  Is there is a technique for meditation?  Is there a process for meditation?  Do we have to sit in certain position?  Do we have to concentrate on breathing and so on so forth?  Of course no.

Knowing thoughts come from memories.  Do we make an efforts to stop them from coming to your awareness from memories?  Can you meditate while you make an efforts to do something like stopping the thoughts coming from memories?  Of course, no.

To help make the thoughts settle, we must allow and accept the facts.  We do not want to fight the thoughts.  The thoughts will go away if we accept them.  That is how you empty the mind or having an empty cup.  True meditation requires no technique or process.

If there is no thoughts coming from the memories, the mind is the brain.  Then the mind can learn and observe things as they are.

Happy Holidays to all Silkisondan karate students!
